
New Mens Solid Genuine Leather Black Baseball Ball Cap Sports Motorcycle Biker
Giovanni Navarre Solid Genuine
Leather Baseball Cap
Spanning the worlds of sports and fashion, this soft solid leather,
&nbsp;all American baseball cap affords attention and comfort to the lady
&nbsp;or&nbsp;gentleman wearing it.
One size fits most.
The adjustable velcro strap easily adjusts to fit any size.
Features:
Solid&nbsp;Genuine Leather
One Size Fits Most
Adjustable Strap in the Back&nbsp;
Brand New
View all items in my Gallery
We accept payment by PayPal.Payment to be received within 3 days after the close of auction..Free Shipping Price is for the Continental US only.We do not ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and all other US territories.We don't ship international.
inkfrog terapeak
i000000

Untitled Document
kimons
Velcro Baseball Cap Blank Plain Solid Curved Visor Sun Adjustable Hat Men Women BRAND NEW!
Limited time Offer
Your search for the perfect baseball hat comes to an end. FLASH brings you the classic, plain and basic baseball hats. The subtle yet stylish caps are all that you can ask for, the Uni-Fit design makes you look smart and brings out the subtlety in you.The plain and basic hats are made out of top quality material with adjustable Velcro, which suits best for your sports agendas or just to give your attire a cool and sporty look. Also if you are a cap person then this would be what you always needed. Make this summer more cool, fun and stylish with the verity of colors, combinations and adjustable size that makes it suitable for everyone's taste.
80% Acrylic 20% Wool
Unisex - One size fits most Size
Mid Profile-Brim(2.75") Wide(7") Crown(4")
6-Panel Cap / Sewn Eyelets
Adjustable back (Adjustable Velcro Closure)
6 rows of stitching on the visor Easy to carry and comfortable to wear
Visor is pre-curved
Shipping
USPS First Class Mail for US. (3 to 5 Business Days)
USPS First Class International Mail for International Orders
Orders will be shipped the next 1 business day after receipt of payment
We only ship to PayPal confirmed addresses.
Import duties, taxes, and charges are not included in the item price or shipping cost. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding or buying.
Customs fees are normally charged by the shipping company or collected when you pick the item up. These fees are not additional shipping charges.
We will not under-value merchandise or mark the item as a "gift" on customs forms. Doing that is against U.S. and international laws.
Payment
We only accept PayPal
Currently we only accept PayPal. Immediate Payment is required.
Payment must be made through PayPal within 1 days.
After the three days pass without payment, an Unpaid Item Dispute case will AUTOMATICALLY be opened. If four days pass without payment after the case is opened, an unpaid item will be recorded on the buyer's account AUTOMATICALLY per eBay's new Unpaid Item policy.
Return
Your item may be returned for a full merchandise refund for any reason within 14 days of receipt of item. Just send it back to us in the original packaging with a note that includes your name, email address, the auction item number, and briefly explain your reason for returning the item.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

Description
Description:
material:cotton
size:one size
style: korea style
color:black
package:1
SKU: D0451
Preview
Power by mabangAPP
